Now, that we have our block class,
we now need to construct our blockchain to store blocks.
Before we make further modifications,
let's go ahead and make sure to add comments to our existing code.
I'm going to go ahead and paste the code block N. All right.
So, now we have our block class set to class with the constructor for the block.
We can proceed forward.
Let's add a new blockchain class called Blockchain.
Just like our block class,
we can configure a constructor, constructor.
Perfect. Now, that we have our constructor,
let's go ahead and utilize an array to store our blockchain.
Let's call this array chain.
Next, let's go ahead and add our comment banner.
Perfect. So, at this point,
we have a blockchain class with the constructor that stores data within an array.
Let's go ahead and new functionality to add a block to the array.
Let's go ahead and call the function addBlock.
Within the function, let's go ahead and call the variable a newBlock.
Within our function body,
let's go ahead and add the new block to our chain.
We're going to say this chain.push newBlock.
Perfect. Let's go ahead and test within our terminal,
utilizing a Node environment.
Remember, before we went ahead and did this with the creation of our block class,
let's do it again with blockchain.
Also we have to do now is copy our Blockchain class,
and we'll paste it right here within
our Node environment and sure enough that's been added within our Node environment.
Next, let's go ahead and test.
Let's stand to aid our object and assign it to a Blockchain variable.
Next, let's add a new block to our blockchain utilizing our addBlock method.
We're just going to put in some test data,
nothing big. All right.
To view the data within it, all is what we have to do is view the blockchain array,
and with that we can call blockchain.chain.
To recap, we created a new Blockchain class with
a constructor to store data within side the chain
array with a new addBlock function that allows
a new block to be pushed to the chain.